oh is that Phil rein it in rookie you
can get away with mistakes like those in
the minor decathlon's but this is the
big leagues at least I beat him good
night next time don't let your guard
down because some pair of big googly
eyes though it's like I keep telling you
you got to stay focused
are you all right miss Megara my friends
call me Meg at least then what if I had
any friends so did he give you a name
with all those rippling pectorals are
you always this articulate Hercules my
my name is Hercules Hercules I think I
prefer Wonder Boy better so how'd you
get mixed up with these tonight with
hopes well you know man they think no
means yes and get lost means take me I'm
yours
don't worry shorty over here can explain
it to you well see around Herc been a
real slice wait can we give you a ride I
don't think your Pinto likes me very
much
Pegasus oh don't be silly
he'd be more than happy to oh I'll be
fine I'm a big tough girl I tie my own
saddles and everything
bye-bye Wonder Boy hi